#MattSoloflow
A Stack Overflow clone for your edification, education, and entertainment.

##User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to login/signup/logout so I can save my site activity and for privacy.
- As a user, I want to be able to ask a question so I can crowdsource responses for my questions and start conversations.
- As a user, I want to be able to answer a question so I can interact with the community and share knowledge.
-As a user, I want to be able to comment on a question or an answer so I can voice my opinion on other users' writing and interact with them.
- As a user, who asks a question, I want to be able to like or flag the best answer so it can be highlighted on the page and I can easily reference my preferred answer.
- As a user, I want to be able to up and downvote responses so I can change the order of responses per their relavance.
- As a user, I want to tag questions so I can see content organized by topic.
- As a user, I want to view all responses to questions per sorted by certain critieria so I can optimize the content I see according to my taste.
- As a user, I want to see trending questions so I can view the most popular questions posted.

##Features
*

##Technologies
* Duct tape, black magic, our own blood/sweat/tears, the Necronomicron, overripe bananas, Rails, Ruby, help from Capybara & Rspec, with some JavaScript sprinkled on top.

##Team
* [Mae Capozzi](Github#)
* [Corey Grad](Github#)
* [Alexis La Porte](Github#)
* [Matt Lefurge](Github#)
